CVS-68969 Disable caching by default for models with custom loaders and shape/batch auto (#1021)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/model_cache.md

- Models with custom loader (for security reasons explained earlier)
- Models configured to shape `auto` or batch_size `auto`

> In case there are valid reasons to enable the model cache also in those two conditions, it is possible to force enablement with `"allow_cache": true` parameter:

Author: Done

- Models with custom loader (for security reasons explained earlier)
- Models configured to shape `auto` or batch_size `auto`

In case there are valid reasons to enable the model cache also for models with auto shape or auto batch, it is possible to force enablement with `"allow_cache": true` parameter:
```
{
    "model_config_list": [
        {"config": {
            "name": "face_detection",
            "base_path": "/models/face-detection-retail-0004/",
            "shape": "auto",
            "allow_cache": true}},
    ],
}
```

> > IMPORTANT: It is not possible to force enablement of cache for models with custom loaders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> IMPORTANT: Models imported via the custom loaders never create or use any cache.
```
